All right, the next and
last thing that we're gonna do in
this interactivity project,
is to add a search box.
To allow our users to search for
a particular endpoints path,
if they're interested not in a certain
status code, but they're interested
in all status codes of response from
requests to a particular endpoint.
So what we're going to do is, use a
convenient little input called the search
input, which analogous to inputs.checkbox
is going to be inputs.search.
Which is essentially going
to give us a way to filter
down a data set based on whatever text
is put into that search box by the user.
So the way that this works is,
we're going to pass in some
data to this search input.
Such that, when I type in something here,
for example,
if I'm interested in that
file/search endpoint or
one of the other endpoints
that I'm interested in.
I am going to get back a subset of
the data that corresponds to all
rows in the data that matched
with a very kind of generous,
let's say text search
across all the fields, but
in this case the relevant one
is going to be the path field.
So this search input is gonna search
across all the fields of any data points
that we pass in to this input array.
So what we're going to do is, using our
hands we're going to connect this search
input called path search to the data
that we care about here, our log data.
And then, we are going to again paste
our filtered plot from up here,
and we can drag our check boxes down too.
So that both the check boxes and
the search box are connected to
filters on our data set to make
sure that we are only displaying
data that matches all of the inputs
that the user has selected.
So that is our next and final exercise and
you can take a look at the hint to check
out how that search input works, you can
also click through to the documentation
of the search input for more reference.
And then think about, again,
how to combine filters for
both the search and the checkbox
input to make sure that the data
that we're ultimately visualizing
matches both, so that is our.